Well then from now
I would like to introduce wax
First of all
I can see but this one
Weibo
It looks pale yellow
this is
Can i
Yule,
Light and
It is a little wax with a lot of friendly forces
Cormorants in This
It is recommended for Palmer
I think there is a light day
Next is gray
This is a dry wax drink
eh
To Toka what stunned Statement
But with good hair and stains
z If easy
With interest power, this is the box I'm talking about most
This is just right in me
The
this
This is good
view There are a lot of army, but it is setting power and thing
There is considerable repulsion
I feel a sense of power
I think that it is recommended for quite berry short
Yes, I think that this is not suitable for longer people
this
Ryu now
I am not very good in myself
But why
It then you poor visa
Also to bad
I 'm sorry
It is not rough and I feel sick
It is subtle and I like it
I think I will become a long stone
th
The following is a
Click here for grease Oh
Regent videos
Oh dear
People who want to get a little sense of data wet think that it is good to put power together
Yes
Hmm
Here Takano called
Styling fox
It may be any number
This is
Very well old cat
It looks like this
What 's radio insects to fine God
Pretty voice to the company about short from short very short
I think that good I
Without the moon
I do not make good
eh
Try this and
Plezium
of
There is a lot of oil here, but it is fine
Right
It is quite good on long days
I can feel soft and soft
Because you can feel comfortable
In humans to see whether it is God
Top softly
This is the only person who wants to make a haircut with a sense of consistency
I think it's good
I use this much
Hmm
Next here
It is Gatsby This is Ys cheap
Let's go
Or rather provisional
I'm driving
Oh yes it
It is good that you have a good feeling of envy
Since it's not a sense of flux
Good idea come into this after
This one
This is
It's gatsubi, isn't it?
Finally a hair jam
This is good
I'm at I to this this
It is a person of awakening
Everywhere to have been told Tsukidechi a couple to school
Is said to be a barrel at all
This is also my choice
Get leaked to school fast and tough
Oritsuke even barrel minute
Pretty and impossible to not have sweet Toka bundle feeling
It feels slippery to this station
This is the birth of hair flow
Oh dear
I think it's good
today
Around here
I want to finish
Maan
Last
With Don Quixote
It's easy to get in like this
Here it is about selling yen 1,500
2,000 yen
Do all six
Sten little
k 80
I think I was here today